Update default values for salt & iteration index (#39510)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-jdbc.adoc

quarkus.security.jdbc.principal-query.sql=SELECT u.password, u.role FROM test_user u WHERE u.username=? <1>
quarkus.security.jdbc.principal-query.bcrypt-password-mapper.enabled=true <2>
quarkus.security.jdbc.principal-query.bcrypt-password-mapper.password-index=1
quarkus.security.jdbc.principal-query.attribute-mappings.0.index=2 <3>
quarkus.security.jdbc.principal-query.attribute-mappings.0.to=groups
----

The `elytron-security-jdbc` extension requires at least one principal query to authenticate the user and its identity.

<1> We define a parameterized SQL statement (with exactly 1 parameter) which should return the user's password plus any additional information you want to load.

> <2> We configure the password mapper with the position of the password field in the `SELECT` fields and other information like salt, hash encoding, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The password mapper is configured with the position of the password field in the `SELECT` fields. The Modular Crypt Format (MCF) standard for encoding the password hash is used because the salt and iteration count indexes are set to `-1` by default. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
<2> The password mapper is configured with the position of the password field in the `SELECT` fields. The hash is stored in the Modular Crypt Format (MCF) because the salt and iteration count indexes are set to `-1` by default. 
```

WDYT?

Author: I ended up applying @FroMage's suggestions below

Reviewer: @wowselim Sounds good

> <2> We configure the password mapper with the position of the password field in the `SELECT` fields and other information like salt, hash encoding, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> The password mapper is configured with the position of the password field in the `SELECT` fields. The hash is stored in the Modular Crypt Format (MCF) because the salt and iteration count indexes are set to `-1` by default. You can override them in order to decompose each element into three separate columns. 
```
